Hand,Most Common Nickname,Explanation
AA,Pocket Rockets,"The shape of the Aces looks like rocket tips, and the initials match American Airlines."
KK,Cowboys,"A simple, universal phonetic play on the letter K."
QQ,Ladies,The traditional royal representation of the Queen card.
JJ,Hooks,The visual shape of the capital letter J looks exactly like a fishhook.
TT,Dimes,Named after the US ten-cent coin.
99,Wayne Gretzky,Named after the legendary hockey player who famously wore jersey number 99.
88,Snowmen,The stacked loops of the two eights visually resemble snowmen.
77,Hockey Sticks,The angled geometric lines of the two sevens look like hockey sticks.
66,Route 66,Named after the most famous historic highway in the United States.
55,Speed Limit,Named after the classic 55 mph speed limit found on US highways.
44,Sailboats,The open triangular shape of the number 4 visually resembles a boat sail.
33,Crabs,Turning the number 3 on its side makes it look like a pair of pinching crab claws.
22,Ducks,The curved neck and base of the number 2 look like ducks swimming on water.
AK,Church,"A reference to 'walking back from church' because it looks great but often loses, leaving you praying."
AQ,Big Chick,"A direct rhyming play on Ace-King's alternate nickname, ""Big Slick."""
AJ,Ajax,A classic phonetic blend of pronouncing the letters A and J together.
A5,High Five,A literal combination of holding the Ace (High card) and a 5.
A8,Dead Man's Hand,The hand Wild Bill Hickok held when he was shot dead in 1876 (specifically black Aces and 8s).
KQ,Marriage,A traditional match representing the King and Queen together.
KJ,Kojak,A phonetic pop-culture reference to the famous 1970s TV detective show Kojak.
QJ,Maverick,Named after the theme song of the classic TV Western show Maverick.
J5,Jackson 5,A musical wordplay tribute to the famous Motown pop group.
T2,Doyle Brunson,Named after the poker legend who won back-to-back WSOP Main Events hitting a full house with it.
95,Dolly Parton,"A nod to her iconic 1980 hit song and movie, 9 to 5."
72,The Beer Hand,Statistically the worst starting hand in Hold'em; the joke is you have to be drunk to play it.
